content/en/_index.md, before:

---
title: ExpidusOS
paige:
  rss:
    hide_page: true
  search:
    hide_page: true
  style: |
    #paige-collections,
    #paige-sections,
    #paige-pages {
      display: none;
    }
---

<div class="container-fluid py-3">
  <div class="justify-content-center row">
    <div class="col col-auto col-lg-7 px-0">
      <p>{{% paige/image alt="Landscape" breakpoints=true class="object-fit-cover rounded-4" fetchpriority="high" height="20rem" loading="eager" src="/expidus-hero1.jpg" width="100%" %}}</p>
      <h5 class="display-5 fw-bold py-3 text-center">Easy to use</h5>
      <p class="lead text-center">
        ExpidusOS is the future of mobile and desktop operating systems. By design, it is able to run on phones, tablets, laptops, and desktops. It is the first truely cross-platform, cross-device operating system for the modern age.
      </p>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="container-fluid py-3">
  <div class="justify-content-center row">
    <div class="col col-auto col-lg-7 px-0">
      <p>{{% paige/image alt="Landscape" breakpoints=true class="object-fit-cover rounded-4" fetchpriority="high" height="20rem" loading="eager" src="/expidus-hero2.jpg" width="100%" %}}</p>
      <h5 class="display-5 fw-bold py-3 text-center">Private & Secure</h5>
      <p class="lead text-center">
        ExpidusOS uses modern security practices to keep your data safe. Practices such as data encryption and read-only files reduces the risk of attack and increases security.
      </p>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="container-fluid py-3">
  <div class="justify-content-center row">
    <div class="col col-auto col-lg-7 px-0">
      <p>{{% paige/image alt="Landscape" breakpoints=true class="object-fit-cover rounded-4" fetchpriority="high" height="20rem" loading="eager" src="/expidus-hero3.jpg" width="100%" %}}</p>
      <h5 class="display-5 fw-bold py-3 text-center">Open & Free</h5>
      <p class="lead text-center">
        ExpidusOS is free to download and install, this means no need to purchase any licenses to get the most out of your devices. It is also open source meaning others can contribute to improve and secure the OS more.
      </p>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="container-fluid py-3">
  <div class="justify-content-center row">
    <div class="col col-auto col-lg-7 px-0">
      <p class="lead text-center">
        <a class="lead btn btn-primary" href="/en/download">Install it now</a>
        Or
        <a class="lead btn btn-primary" href="https://demo.expidusos.com">Try the demo</a>
      </p>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>

{{< footer >}}

Commit message:

feat(content): add description to homepage

content/en/_index.md, after:

---
title: ExpidusOS
description: The future of mobile and desktop operating systems. ExpidusOS is a cross platform, secure, and private operating system developed by Midstall Software.
paige:
  rss:
    hide_page: true
  search:
    hide_page: true
  style: |
    #paige-collections,
    #paige-sections,
    #paige-pages {
      display: none;
    }
---

<div class="container-fluid py-3">
  <div class="justify-content-center row">
    <div class="col col-auto col-lg-7 px-0">
      <p>{{% paige/image alt="Landscape" breakpoints=true class="object-fit-cover rounded-4" fetchpriority="high" height="20rem" loading="eager" src="/expidus-hero1.jpg" width="100%" %}}</p>
      <h5 class="display-5 fw-bold py-3 text-center">Easy to use</h5>
      <p class="lead text-center">
        ExpidusOS is the future of mobile and desktop operating systems. By design, it is able to run on phones, tablets, laptops, and desktops. It is the first truely cross-platform, cross-device operating system for the modern age.
      </p>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="container-fluid py-3">
  <div class="justify-content-center row">
    <div class="col col-auto col-lg-7 px-0">
      <p>{{% paige/image alt="Landscape" breakpoints=true class="object-fit-cover rounded-4" fetchpriority="high" height="20rem" loading="eager" src="/expidus-hero2.jpg" width="100%" %}}</p>
      <h5 class="display-5 fw-bold py-3 text-center">Private & Secure</h5>
      <p class="lead text-center">
        ExpidusOS uses modern security practices to keep your data safe. Practices such as data encryption and read-only files reduces the risk of attack and increases security.
      </p>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="container-fluid py-3">
  <div class="justify-content-center row">
    <div class="col col-auto col-lg-7 px-0">
      <p>{{% paige/image alt="Landscape" breakpoints=true class="object-fit-cover rounded-4" fetchpriority="high" height="20rem" loading="eager" src="/expidus-hero3.jpg" width="100%" %}}</p>
      <h5 class="display-5 fw-bold py-3 text-center">Open & Free</h5>
      <p class="lead text-center">
        ExpidusOS is free to download and install, this means no need to purchase any licenses to get the most out of your devices. It is also open source meaning others can contribute to improve and secure the OS more.
      </p>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="container-fluid py-3">
  <div class="justify-content-center row">
    <div class="col col-auto col-lg-7 px-0">
      <p class="lead text-center">
        <a class="lead btn btn-primary" href="/en/download">Install it now</a>
        Or
        <a class="lead btn btn-primary" href="https://demo.expidusos.com">Try the demo</a>
      </p>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>

{{< footer >}}
